DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now, Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan,
dragon-like colossus on our side!
Now, Drago!
Bakugan, brawl!
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
You got to give it your all.
[vocalizing] This is the final stand.
[vocalizing] The power's in your hand!
Two worlds collide on the inside!
You got a fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone!
This is Bakugan!
It seems Nurzak forgot which emperor he was serving!
And now that he is gone, does anyone else share his views?
Nurzak was a feeble-minded old fool
who suffered from delusions.
We are loyal only to you, sire.
BARODIUS: Very well.
Then, I suggest you return your focus to destroying
the restored second shield.
I can easily destroy it using the upgraded Exokor.
How much longer until it's ready, Kazarina
Three days, two if we hurry.
Perfect.
In the meantime, I suggest we keep
the Neathians occupied by launching a smaller
attack as a distraction.
That sounds like a job for Gill!
Yes, sire.
So then, it's all on your shoulders
to buy us the time we need.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Mobile Assault\"!
Flying cockroaches!
Those ships belong to Gill, Airzel, and Stoica!
Get ready.
[grunts]
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
[screeching]
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Let's do this!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
GILL: Why am I in charge of buying time for Kazarina?
If she's not ready, then it should be her problem.
This stinks, Gill!
Hey, when did we become the cleanup
crew for that little witch?
While she's off playing mad scientist,
we're stuck doing the heavy lifting!
Careful!
She might be listening.
Relax, Airzel.
This is a secure channel and we're amongst friends here,
right, Stoica?
Of course we are.
Ability activate!
High ENT Spinner!
Durandal Cannon!
Well, this changes things.
Yup!
Huh?
What are you dudes talking about?
Take a closer look, man!
Those aren't the usual Gundalian
soldiers we're fighting.
Those are the battlers who've been kidnapped
from Bakugan Interspace!
[explosion]
[screaming]
Those rotten Gundalians are fighting really dirty
this time!
Are you ready, Drago?
Just say the word, Dan!
Ability activate!
Blaze Hammer!
Crush Arrow!
Ability activate!
Spiral Pressure!
Mirage Jet!
Ability activate!
Bolting Fang Slug Shot!
[grunting]
Guys, snap out of it!
You're fighting for the wrong side!
Oh, yeah?
We'll see about that.
FABIA: It's like they're brainwashed.
What do we do now?
Let's hit them a little harder.
Ability activate!
Cross fire!
Particle wave!
Ability activate!
Blaze Fernum!
Master Gill, the Neathians have
defeated 72% of our forces!
First battalion, fall back immediately!
Second battalion, get ready to strike!
We're ready, Gill!
Me too.
Look at the chickens run!
Don't celebrate just yet.
They could be regrouping for another attack.
This makes no sense.
When we beat them in Bakugan Interspace,
they'd always go back to normal.
So why not here?
Battlers inside Interspace were digital versions.
Maybe the Gundalian hypnosis is stronger
when used on flesh and blood.
If we fight any harder, we could injure the battlers.
Well, we have to figure something out,
because the Gundalians are continuing to kidnap kids
from Interspace as we speak!
[scoffing] Quit your pathetic screaming!
It's a sign of weakness!
Kazarina, we're running low on battlers at the front.
Ugh!
Why are you bothering me?
Why are you pulling me away from my work here?
You're supposed to be providing me
with the time I need to complete Exokor,
not distracting me with petty tasks!
Ren?
Yes, mistress?
I need you to go to Earth and bring
me back more of those brats.
Yes, right away.
GILL: Seriously?
Ren is the only one available for recruiting.
That's what happens when you get rid of your underlings
to cover for your mistakes!
Don't be so quick to point fingers, you hypocrite!
I seem to remember you were the one who got rid of Zenet.
OK, very well.
I will immediately dispatch someone from my end
to go along with Ren.
STOICA: Why do I get sent to this dump?
It should be Airzel doing this, not me!
He's junior in rank.
What's Gill's problem?
This really stings!
Will you please hurry and transform into your human body?
Hey, pipe down!
Don't think you can start bossing me around too!
Wow!
Not too bad at all!
Hey, let's hurry up and grab some battlers.
Hey, knock yourself out, Ren.
I've got other plans.
What?
I'll leave you to scrape the bottom
of this barrel on your own.
I like to go hunting for my prey in its natural habitat.
Stoica, wait!
Ren, I think we should reconsider
our loyalty to the Twelve Orders since they show us none.
Have you lost your mind?
We haven't come this far to change sides, Linehalt!
I would like to know what these forbidden powers are
that the Dark Bakugan are supposed to possess.
I wonder too about what my true duty is
as the latest generation in the long line of protectors
of the Dark Bakugan.
And to find that out, I'm willing to use
any means necessary.
We stick to the plan.
Do you understand me?
Time to bring reinforcements, Linehalt!
DAN: Drago, we got to break this spell, buddy!
So this is where the humans call home, huh?
It's almost as ugly as they are.
JULIE: [sighs] Seeing this empty is depressing.
I wonder how Dan and the other guys are doing.
[sighs] I really hope they get back here soon.
I'm starting to worry.
Hmm?
Hey, mister!
Huh?
Are you blind?
That's caution tape, not gift wrapping!
Take it easy!
I just want to go in and have a battle.
What's your problem?
What part of \"no\" don't you understand?
Uh.
Do we have a problem here?
Uh, nope.
I just don't understand why we have to stay
out of Bakugan Interspace.
Everyone keeps telling me the system is fixed.
So what's the big deal then, huh?
It's bad information.
The bad guys are using it to trick
kids into Bakugan Interspace.
But Dan and the others are out fighting in Neathia,
so hopefully soon these Gundalian creeps
will be banished for good.
Dan, huh?
Is he your boyfriend?
Oh, no, no!
We're just friends.
Besides, my pal Runo's has been crazy about him forever.
That's Dan Kuso, the best brawler ever.
You betcha!
That's why I know we're going to beat the Gundalians.
Dan's the best!
Hmph!
[gasps]
JULIE (VOICEOVER): guy?
And how long has he been sitting there?
Hey, thanks for the information.
But I got to split, OK?
So, uh, how much--
Don't worry about it. It's on me.
Huh?
Oh, thanks a lot.
Sorry.
Can I get you something?
Weird.
It's like he just disappeared.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Julie is nice and everything,
but that story of hers, it all sounds
a bit too whack to be true.
I want to battle so bad.
Maybe I can help you with that.
I know a place we could go check out, if you're interested.
Huh?
Hey, where the heck are we?
KAZARINA: Calm down, my little lambs.
As long as you're with me, you'll have nothing
to fear ever again, I promise.
Now then, just look into my eyes!
Now, pledge to battle with all your might
for the glory of Gundalia!
ALL: For the glory of Gundalia.
Oh, man!
Castle Knights, engage now!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
We should split up, you guys!
I'll take the one's on the right!
Great!
That means Fabia and I will take the left, so you guys--
We'll head straight down the middle.
Let's rock, dude!
Ready!
This way, Fabia!
You got it!
[rumbling]
[growling]
What's that?
Something big!
Whoa!
I've never seen a Bakugan that huge!
It's not a Bakugan.
It's a Bakugan Mobile Assault Vehicle called Impalaton!
That thing is full on, dude!
If by \"full on\" you mean deadly, you're right.
It's a highly evolved form of battle gear.
Hey, Kuso, come out and fight!
[laughs]
I know that guy!
Really?
You sure about that?
Yes.
He's the first battler I faced when I fought
inside Bakugan Interspace.
You lost?
Need someone to show you around?
Well, come on.
Oh, no!
The Gundalians must have got to him!
Hey!
Do you remember me?
We met back on Earth in--
KOJI: Ability activate!
Chaos Vibro!
[screaming]
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Thank you, buddy!
Hold on.
Here they come!
Huh.
I guess he doesn't share the same fond memories
of your first meeting.
What did you expect?
He's totally brainwashed.
And dangerous.
Drago, be careful out there!
Ability activate!
Blaze Reflector!
Let's nullify this dude's ability!
You can't nullify a mobile Bakugan
assault vehicle's ability.
The anti-ability shield!
Drago, we got to destroy that assault vehicle!
Ability activate!
Cross fire!
DRAGO: Useless!
Not a scratch!
[laughs]
[grunting]
[screaming]
Captain Elright, Dan and Fabia are in trouble!
A Bakugan Assault Vehicle?
That's right.
It's Impalaton, which is equipped
with an anti-ability shield.
Our regular attacks have been totally useless against them.
It's time that we bring out our own Bakugan assault vehicle.
We only have Raytheus available,
and it's just been finished.
We haven't had a chance to run performance tests yet.
We're just going to have to hope for the best then.
KOJI: Stay down!
DAN: Drago!
Hurry up!
We don't have much time!
Linus, upload Drago's DNA sequence to Raytheus' system,
then uplink it to Dan's BakuMeter.
Hurry up!
Do it!
Yes, sir!
You got lucky that time, punk!
Ha!
You wish!
The upload is complete.
All clear.
Commencing uplink from Raytheus to Dan's BakuMeter.
Stand by for transfer.
Hey, what's going on?
They're linking your BakuMeter.
With Drago's Bakugan Assault Vehicle!
DRAGO: What?
DAN: Yeah, seriously, what are you talking about?
FABIA: Hold on until it's finished installing, then,
I'll explain everything.
But until then, you guys, Aranaut and I will buy time.
Ready when you are, princess!
Here we go!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
In the name of the Neathian Castle Knights,
I will take you down!
Ability activate!
Mirage Up!
Mirage Fist!
Ha!
Your puny attacks are useless!
Ability activate!
Chaos Vibro!
Aranaut!
Dan, is it finished yet?
Come on, come on!
[screams]
KOJI: I'm gonna thrash you!
[screaming]
Huh?
You will not harm the princess, not on my watch!
OK, the installation's done!
BAKUMETER: Ready, Raytheus.
DAN: You ready, Drago?
You bet!
Mobile Assault, launch!
Check it!
Mind if I cut in, Aranaut?
(STRUGGLING) Be my guest!
Want to go for a spin?
Where did his vehicle come from?
Let's go!
I was right!
Drago is a natural on the Bakugan assault vehicle!
Like that?
Ability activate!
Strike Blaster!
Nice one, Dan!
Dude!
Are you OK?
Huh?
Back off!
Whoa!
He's still under the hypnotic spell.
Come on!
Dude, you got to wake up!
Enough!
You wake up!
We're not pals, OK?
Dan!
Dude, we're here to help you!
You've got to believe us!
Dan, if you don't let go, you'll be transported
back to Gundalia with him!
I'm not going to give up on you, man!
We're going to keep fighting until all the kids from Earth
are free!
I'm tired of losing battlers to those Gundalian creeps!
Fall back for now.
That is enough for today.
What just happened to me?
JULIE: Really?
You don't remember anything?
Nothing.
I just remember some weird dude strolling up
and saying he'd take me somewhere to battle,
and then it's all a blank.
But it's totally bizarre and spooky that you woke
up inside Bakugan Interspace.
Yeah, well, there's something even spookier, but I--
I--
It's OK.
You can tell me.
I keep hearing this voice inside my head,
only I don't know who it belongs to.
But it keeps telling me, I'm not going to give up on you.
DAN: The Gundalians decided to launch another attack on us
at sunrise.
Lucky for us, we were ready with Drago's new Bakugan Mobile
Assault Vehicle this time.
Just as we were about to let loose,
Ren showed up out of nowhere.
Doesn't this guy understand that he's
just being used by Barodius?
Maybe one of these days, he'll finally get a clue.
But in the meantime, we'll show him the awesome power
of our new machine.
Tune in and check out his reaction!
Mobile assault launch!
Oh, man, I love this thing!
[music playing]